What's the big gift?
So mysterious
Could it be a golden luxury car villa?
OK
I'm sorry I couldn't help it. You can still laugh.
Happiness my third dowry
It's your baby girl who wants to kill
It's still in your hands.
What are you trying to do?
My granddaughter's surname is Lu
Now tell me out loud
Do you choose to keep it big or small?
Is to continue to choose to marry him
Or your baby girl's life?
No you don't do this
I'm not getting married
Please return Yaya to me.
Yaya is not on him at all
I'll have someone send Yaya out right away
Don't lie to me.
What are you doing to fight the powerful?
Behind the Sun family is the left prime minister
Disciple, you have also offended the left prime minister
Now I know I'm afraid
Your family is done
So hurry up and choose
If you don't choose, you have no choice
I don't need it.
Soon someone will send you all to
It's the way you pick and choose between your two sides.
My Yaya
Your surname is Lu
You still want to open your mouth and see my Long Wei
Grab your yaya